# Productivity July 13th, 2020

## Morning

This morning I spent running through dart code challenges. I have been struggling with .map in dart. I am new to strongly typed languages and it will take some getting used to in order to be able to code efficiently in this new language. 

I spent time networking with Flatiron students, and researching oppurtunities. I applied for a job that I found by searching for the keyword "flutter" on indeed. 

I spent the remainder of my morning running through the Flutter Crash course video that I found by the youtube channel Academind. 

## Noon

I spent 10-12 working on a solution for a problem that I am encountering. I'm currently trying to work with a social media influencer ( 450K + followers on instagram ) on making a flutter application. Although I am new to flutter, I believe I will be ready to start the app in a week or two with the Academind course that I just purchased.  I need a way for him to start seeding data, so what I wound up finding was a website called "no code api" which can be found at https://app.nocodeapi.com/dashboard. This will allow me to sync a google sheet such that my friend can seed the google sheet, and automatically generate a more code-friendly api. Although I could not get †his running while looking at it I will revisit this tomorrow. It should act as a temporary solution to allow him to work on content creation for the app while I focus on app development. 

After researching that technology, I met with my career services coach and we went over my linked in. I made the following changes to my linkedin
  - added my projects into my introduction
  - added my projects into my flatiron description in previous work experience
  - added my project demos into my references
  - wrote and received reccomendations for people. There were quite a few students that I helped with code while I was an older student in Flatiron. So I reached out to them for reccomendations while also providing reccomendations for my instructors. 
  - Endorsed others skills

## Afternoon / Nightime

During the afternoon I decided to dive a bit deeper into the flutter crash course I've been going through on youtube. It will often take me 2-3 hours to get through 1 hour of lecture. I've taken about 20 pages of notes since the weekend started.

Lastly I bought the academind pro account. We shall see how it goes!!!


