morning
- weight 234.5
- did a bunch of code challenges to prep for interview
- Included mainly codingame challenges but also a hackerrank challenge
- Met with Michael Jordan to discuss flutter. He is probably one of the coolest humans on the planet, and isnt the michael jordan you are thinking of
  

noon
- Had mock code interview
- IT went well, and we discussed what I could do better
- the things I did well was that I am eager to learn and that I take criticisms really well. 
- I also did well on most of the technical parts of the code challenge, except for one thing which is event delegation. With event delegation, you should try and group alot of things into one event so that way you aren't remaking a shit ton of events. For example if I have a bunch of buttons, I select all of them to put a listener on them, then inside of the listener I check for which button it is with programmable logic.

- The other thing that I need to work on is that I need to name my variables a bit better during the interview and if I see bad practice, call it out instead of just letting it slide for the sake of time. In my case I should have called out and fixed the fact that we were not using id's or classes to select the buttons off of the page. 

- The last takeaway I had is that you can takee advantage of the new ES6 set feature in order to do a simpler .uniq function

- also I need to ramble less

afternoon
  - Went grocery shopping
  - Realized that it might be beneficial to learn how to use my mouse with my left hand instead of my right
  - The reason why is that I very often follow along with tutorials aned write notes by hand, so without my mouse or mouse pad in the way that process should be more efficient.

evening
- did a few more codinggame challenges AND I am about to rework the text submission project for flutter that I was working on

